# Self-Assessment-
## UNCC Data Analytics and Visualization Self-Assessment
### My team decided to do our project on analyzing an Italian movie rating site called FilmTV.it. We each took on different types of machine learning model to try to analyze this data and at first I was task with trying to get the data to work with the SVM model. On my own I was not able to get the model to work with our data set, so I reached out for tutoring in an effort to get assistance with the data. Even after doing this the SVM model simply was not working so after talking with my team we decided together that I would work on the visualization in Tableau. It is fairly easy to create visualization within Tableau, however trying to create visuals that follow or flow with the data results was tougher to do. When I first started creating visuals I had so many images with data results that didn’t specifically tell our project’s story of the data processing my team was doing. I really had to take a step back to think about what I was producing, get input from our instructor and breakdown the resources so I can effectively visualize our data. 

### My team worked together flawlessly and communicated with each other every step of the way. We all clearly understood what we were working on and were able to reach out to one another to get clarification, help and ideas for each of our parts. We met up regularly outside of class to make sure our work and the requirements needed were met on time.  
### At first my group struggled with trying to find a data set that worked best for us, we found data that interested us but didn’t have enough records hen we found data the needed to be translated, so we were very excited to find something that not only worked but also held our interest. Once thing I wish we would of done would have been to find a data set that not only met the basic requirements but provided more information beyond what we needed. It was hard to get some of the machine learnings we wanted to use to work but we got through it. That being said, I know this is still a learning experience and it is cool to see where we can improve. There is so much that can be done with this new knowledge we learned, and this project helps challenge our minds with that.
